[RHACS] ROX15032 documentation for ACS Analytics overview (Telemetry) (#57715)
openshift/openshift-docs: telemetry/about-telemetry.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="about-telemetry"]
= About Telemetry
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: about-telemetry

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> {rh-rhacs-first} collects anonymized aggregated information about product usage and product configurations.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** Replace `configurations` with `configuration`.

> This information can help Red Hat to better understand how customers use the product and which areas to prioritize for improvements.

Author: ```suggestion
This information helps Red Hat to better understand how customers use the product and which areas to prioritize for improvements.
```

> Red Hat uses this information to improve the user experience.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** I usually avoid split infinitives, however when I break it down, I think we could write a simpler sentence. Maybe 
```
It helps Red Hat understand how everyone uses the product and identify areas 
to prioritize for improvements. In addition, Red Hat uses this information to 
improve the user experience.
```

> Red Hat uses this information to improve the user experience. None of the information is shared with third parties.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about the information sharing sentence.

Author: Removing the information sharing sentence.
